When you talk about the environment you'll be facing once you get into
a job that can vary all over the map both civilian and military life.
In military life I have done my technical tasks in a room full of
electronic equipment in a carefully air conditioned and beautiful modern
building with restrooms down the hall and a snack bar that I can
get to easily and all the comforts of home. I've also done my job
with a single radio and antenna in a tent in the cold weather in North
America and I've also done my job in a bunker right on the DMZ in
Vietnam where I was one of the few people in that area who even knew
what I was doing for a living. So things change a lot of the military
about the kind of technical environment you had in civilian life
that technological environment in which I lived has always been a
good one you know I've I've lived in modern buildings in modern offices
stack of all the most modern equipment sometimes equiment so how
off the press so to speak that nobody else in the world had that like
the quantum computer we have here at USC there only two or three
of those operational around the world we've got one of them so it it
is been a joy to do that if you're in a smaller university or college
of course it should be a little less plush but still very nice working
and living conditions.